Add postgres sql url schema change (#17715)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_posts/2021-05-05-release-20215.markdown

([@bdraco] - [#49036] [#49098])

If you are using a postgresql database please verify that your connection url starts with `postgresql://`.

> In case you use still the old url starting with `postgres://`, please replace it with `postgresql://` otherwise you will get an error to setup the recorder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a PostgreSQL database please verify that your connection URL starts with `postgresql://`. In case you use still an old URL starting with `postgres://`, please replace it with `postgresql://` otherwise you will get an error to set up the recorder.
```
